My grandmother had eight brothers and sisters. She started school when she was 80 years old and left when she was 14.
She didn't go to university. She started work after she left school. She worked very hard in a factory.
She went to work at eight o'clock in the morning and finished at six o'clock in the evening.
She worked six or even seven days a week and had only a few holidays.
She got married when she was 18 and had a baby the following year. She had four children.
She continued working until she was 50 years old.
My mother started school when she was six years old. At 18 she went to university.
She started work when she was 22. She works as a teacher. She works five days a week and has a long holiday in summer and winter.
She got married when she was 24 and had a baby the next year. She only has one child. Me.
My mother will continue to work until she's 55.